welcome to the man of recaps this is the
walking dead world beyond episode three
our gang's in the middle of the giant
zombie infested tire fire the blaze of
gory hope has gone off on a suicide
mission to sound the tornado siren and
draw the zombies away this is a
silas-centric episode as we get a bit of
his backstory when he sees a zombie he
imagines it as some guy that i
imagine is his father who it looks like
he had to beat to death in self-defense
because of that he was transferred from
the main omaha settlement down to the
campus colony but none of the other
kitties there liked him because they
thought he was a killer but to prove
them wrong he's become a nonviolent
gentle giant he won't even kill zombies
which is totally useless in this world
they make it to a safe halfway spot in
this office where the adults felix and
huck finally caught up to him it's like
all right kiddos let's grab your sister
and get out of here but it's like hey
she's off on a suicide mission to save
all our lives we have to see it through
hope does manage to sound the tornado
siren drain all the zombies to her and
clearing enough of a path for our group
to get through luckily now they have an
adult with them who can actually kill
zombies while they're escaping silas has
a flashback memory to a random poem iris
wrote about a tiger and the rest of the
episode has iris voiceover reciting the
poem even though i don't think it has
anything to do with anything
tiger tiger burning bright in the forest
of the night hope manages to escape the
back where some zombies get stuck in
some muck and though even though this
whole area is apparently a big fire
there's not a fire here so she decides
to light one but as she's leaving also
more zombies get her and her sister iris
comes to save her
wait what's this is she actually gonna
do it yes kills her first zombie now
that she's broken the seal her sister
hopes ready to get in on the action and
oh she kills her for zombie two
congratulations you guys have now done
the bare minimum to survive
at the exit the tire stack is falling
and silas has to use his hulk super
strength to hold it up so the gang can
escape elton being the smart one
remembers to go back
and grab all of their supplies except
actually he wasn't thinking about the
supplies he only cared about his mom's
manuscript a super useless relic from 10
years ago so he's the dumbest of them
all they can't go back the way they came
so felix is like hey we'll head up to
omaha catch the next bus for the campus
colony but iris is like you know we're
on an adventure we're not going back and
the rest of the gang agrees with her so
these adults realize they're gonna be
stuck chaperoning this stupid field trip
right now for no special reason hope
decides to tell her sister iris the true
backstory of how their mom died how she
was shot by a pregnant woman that then
hope shot and turns out it's elton's mom
though they don't know that yet so
anyway sister's bond and so our
fellowship continues on their misguided
adventure but now at the end of the
episode
more info on the civic republic this one
soldier is like hey so why did we
slaughter that entire campus colony
elizabeth answers we were neutralizing a
threat and he's like wait how are they a
threat though in response elizabeth
walks around her fancy apartment turning
on all the electrical devices
just deflects i guess how much
electricity she has she's like there did
that answer your question um no not at
all so he's taken away to a re-education
camp while she drinks wine and cries so
we've learned nothing new about them
except they have lots of electricity
apparently live in a city and are bad
guys and that's how the walking dead
world beyond episode 3 comes to an end
if you liked this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member